MadGraph/MadEvent 5
By Fabio Maltoni, Tim Stelzer and the CP3 development team

http://madgraph.phys.ucl.ac.be/
http://madgraph.hep.uiuc.edu/
http://madgraph.roma2.infn.it/

Information on the process to be generated is found in the file
index.html in this directory, which should be viewed using your web
browser. If the file index.html is missing, you need to generate a
process. Please refer to the README file one directory above this
(MadGraph5_vx_x_x/) for instructions on how to generate a process.


To generate events:
-------------------

1) Specify the model parameters. The model parameters include masses
and widths for the particles and coupling constants. They are given by
the file param_card.dat in the Cards directory. Although it is
possible to edit this file manually, this is not recommended since
there are dependencies among the parameters which need to be taken
into account. Instead the param_card.dat should be generated using one
of the Calculators found on the MG/ME homepages (stated above).  Click
Calculators, choose model and follow the instructions. Place the
resulting param_card.dat in the Cards directory.

2) Specify the run parameters. The run parameters includes collider
type and energy, choice of parton distribution functions and scales.
They are given by the file run_card.dat in the Cards directory. This
file should be edited manually, following the syntax given in the
example file.
**Warning!** For several reasons, avoid running more than 100,000
events per run. Instead perform several runs to reach the luminosity
you need, e.g. using the bin/multi_run script. Subsequent runs
automatically update the random seed, so the results from different
runs are statistically independent.

3) Run bin/generate_events to generate the events and calculate the
cross-section.

4) Follow the generation and look at the results in the file
HTML/crossx.html, using your web browser.

5) If you want to run Pythia and/or PGS/Delphes on the events,
download the Pythia/PGS package (and Delphes) and untar one directory
above this (the MadGraph5 directory) and run make. Make sure the cards
pythia_card.dat and pgs_card.dat are present in the Cards/ directory.
If this is the case, Pythia and PGS will automatically be run by
generate_events, or, for an existing run, use bin/run_pythia and
bin/run_pgs.


Running in cluster or multicore mode:
-------------------------------------

In order to automatically run in cluster or multicore mode, please set
the flag run_mode in the Cards/me5_configuration.txt file (or in the
input/mg5_configuration.txt file before you generate your process):

# Default Running mode 
# 0: single machine/ 1: cluster / 2: multicore
run_mode = 0

You can also specify the cluster type (for cluster mode) or your
preferred number of CPUs (for multicore mode - note that by default,
the maximum number of cores is used) by setting cluster_type and
nb_core.